oa9qvh	i’m watching my sister die and i don’t know how to help her my sister has gotten an eating disorder which was (she at least said it) caused by my mother who constantly told her she ate too much and it’s too expensive. she has approximately lost 20-30kg and she weights less than me now (i’m also on the edge of being underweight but i have always naturally been underweight since i was a child) and she looks very fragile. almost like a skeleton. she regularly smokes weed and it’s illegal where we are from so i don’t know what to do… today she threw up and kind of collapsed. while we were sitting on a bench. any help, please. i don’t know what to do.
m0guzs	i watch my online lecture and ate 3 meals today 😁 im really struggling lately with my mental health, but today i was able to follow my online class and have 3 meals again :) gotta celebrate the small wins! edit: thanks for the rewards ☺️
1jhquk1	appetite and genetic mdd not sure if this is the right sub for this but i have genetic chronic major depressive disorder. i was first diagnosed at 13 but i'm pretty sure i've been showing symptons since i was around 6 or 7. i genuinely cope with it okay. i have good and bad days. it's always there though, and the most consistent part of it has been the struggle to eat. the thing is i love food *when* i can actually enjoy it, that just rarely happens. most of the time i just don't want to eat almost anything, even foods that i "like" i can hardly eat. friends and family often offer to get me literally anything i want as long as i'll eat it and i just don't have an answer. looking up how to eat with depressive disorder, it's all things like "only eat xyz! make sure you cut down on this and that, only eat healthy foods to boost your brain power" or whatever, which is honestly incredibly frustrating, because my concern is getting literally *any* calories at all. if thing i want to eat turned out to be 3 bags of potato chips, then i'd jump on that asap, cause the alternative is nothing. weed was a huge help for a long time, but nowadays, even when i have the strongest munchies ever, nothing sounds good, and i'd rather sit there feeling like i'm starving than dare to put anything in my mouth. ensure and other nutritional shakes are also too expensive to depend on consistently. does anyone have any advice? anything that has helped them with their appetite issues?
1jhfmoh	i am depressed for being skinny but i can't eat because i am depressed. so basically what the title says. i have been slightly underweight my entire life and i am 25 yo. very low self esteem bc of this. i started going to the gym last year and although i have seen some minpr results i still think i look awful. the issue is that i am often depressed because of this and my appetite goes away and my desire to work out as well. i don't even know why i am that skinny. if i am not working my job i am sleeping and sad. either that or i feel good enough i will lift weights but i just don't know how to overcome this.
1jgtgks	i can't fucking eat i don't know if it's a depression thing, it's been going on for years now, maybe my whole life, i can't eat and when i do it's impossible to finish the food, i starve myself if i have to but i'm not making that 10 minutes instant noodles even if i desperately want to and even if i know it feels better, it's like i'm punishing myself, whenever somebody asks why i look like one of them holocaust prisoners photos i don't even know what to answer, sometimes i drink water or eat anything that doesn't require any effort and call it a meal, starvation has become the norm for me i'm so bored i'm just gonna leave this here to see if anyone actually relates
i24936	depression can cause weight gain or weight loss, but saying you've not been eating is seen as much more socially acceptable than saying you've been eating too much. even though the cause is pretty much the same. i've both gained and lost weight due to depression, but i feel people see weight gain as much more embarrassing or just overall negative than if you *lose* weight as a result of depression. the cause is the same, but everyone sees weight gain as disgusting. it hurts.
n4uc5p	i'm so fucking depressed it took me three days to find the strength to microwave an instant meal. i've been eating like maybe three mini donuts per day for about three days because i can barely get out of bed. i've been hungry the whole time but like i just don't care that much. i finally found the energy to microwave something so here goes. i miss warm food. i fucking hate this disease.
v386tn	wish i had a "not eating for days" depression instead of "eat 4000 cals in two hours" one might sound messed up but at least i'd lose weight and be pretty for once but instead i keep stuffing my face with fast and sugary foods to feel happy for at least few seconds :/ where did my discipline go
1ji2xpf	food is stuck in my throat and my mom refuses to take me to the doctor, super nervous food has been stuck in my throat for over 20 hours. i cannot eat or drink anything because there is food stuck. my mom said really supportive but nod she's all angry, saying it's not serious and that i need to try really hard to flush it down with water. i have been trying non stop to flush it down with water, my throat hurts because i have been coughing that water up so much (m15)
1ji1xgb	anxiety and appetite i've lost my appetite due to anxiety issues ...unable to do even basic self care . should i force myself to do it ? or should i wait for this to pass ?
1ji3gqk	swallowing anxiety? please help for the past few months (after severe acid reflux to the point of regurgitating my food - like carrying around a bottle to spit all of my food up - and crazy heartburn) i have lost the ability to swallow my food. i have gone to several gi and ent doctors, and was sent to the hospital yesterday for passing out. i hadn’t eaten anything but ice cream in 3 days, its the only thing i can get down without choking on my food. i physically cannot get my throat to open up without feeling like im gonna die, i jolt or clutch my ribs when actually getting the food down. sometimes i even choke on my spit when i get overwhelmed thinking about it. doctors have repeatedly told me its all in my head, and anxiety related. i have been referred to see a psychiatrist and get therapy and im in the process to do so. speech and swallow therapist confirmed i still have the ability to swallow as i can still drink non thick liquids, so i bought some ensure clear. but does anyone else experience swallowing anxiety like this? to the point of not eating? i have been so miserable and hungry and im afraid its affecting other aspects of my life, like poor hygiene and not being able to get out of bed unless i have work or school. no sex drive. just incredibly hungry and nothing i can do about it. im afraid im becoming depressed. does anyone have advice? i just want to eat, even apple sauce triggers me.
1ji321i	my heart feels heavy all the time and my digestive system has crashed ? for pre-requisites, i haven't been to doctor yet, but i do know this stems from my anxiety to be very least. during day time even at night my heart starts palpating fast even if i am not thinking about something stressful. and then my chest gets heavy almost as if somebody has kept a weight twice my body weight. all this happens while my digestive system is being affected a lot. i have lost my appetite and i feel no taste, no excitement to eat. it feels like a chore to me, to get done with it eating just to survive, and i have lost a lot of weight. this is accompanied with indigestion,, which leads me empty stomach all the time. even if i want to eat i cant as it starts to feel uneasy as my hunger quenches. i don't know that to do as i can't tell my parents nor can i afford any mental therapy as of now.
1jhdg0o	food related triggers i was diagnosed with general anxiety (along with some other stuff) a few years ago and i’ve been in therapy ever since. it’s helped, but in the past couple months i’ve had awful, awful anxiety surrounding food. i had food poisoning once in 2022, it was one of the worst experiences of my life. ever since i had some small worries about it but not nearly as much as now. i’d classify this anxiety i have as crippling. it’s starting to even affect when and what i eat at home. unfortunately for me, the symptoms i feel (sweating, upset stomach, nausea, numbness in my hands) is exactly how i remember feeling when i had food poisoning. my body feeling that way leads my brain to connect the dots and spiral. i’m in desperate need of help. does anyone have anxiety like this? how do you eat? i can barely eat at restaurants anymore and it’s a nightmare. please help.
1jhbw8p	xanax-anyone else get drowsy after eating while on even minimal dose? if i eat anything substantial (say a salad or sandwich) even if i only took 0.25mg of xanax - i immediately get extremely drowsy. but if i don’t eat or keep it to a little fruit or a granola bar, then i have no side effects. the drowsiness after eating doesn’t happen when i don’t take xanax. anyone else experience this? it feels like food triggers the drowsiness? if so - any advice on how to prevent the drowsiness?
1jhacju	prozac side effects i’ve been on prozac for 4 weeks now and i have completely lost my appetite and have no hunger cues. i’m still getting food into my system but i’m constantly nauseous at the idea of eating. has anyone else experienced this before?
1jgxhd4	small win? sooo i just ate an actual full meal! i was down bad all week and still this morning, i have hardly ate anything all week. but sometime this afternoon i started feeling slightly better and i actually felt hungry. i was starting to get scared because i’ve been nauseous with zero appetite, but i feel pretty proud that i ate and i’m taking it as a small win. i had meatloaf, mashed potatoes, corn, and mac&cheese! what was your win of the week? ❤️
1jgzydw	help with kid? anyone ever deal with this? my 9 year old daughter has always been anxious and had phobias. her new one is making me nervous. she hasn’t eaten since breakfast. she keeps chewing up food and spitting it out. she is convinced there will be fish bones in them that choke her. she has been crying all day and is really hungry.
fgqyxb	how to order from subway? i've been pretty much suffering from social anxiety all my life...but subway just gives me chills. i just can't never gather the guts to order from a subway. can someone explain me how to place an order at subway without being judged?
je7zks	i did it i ordered a pizza. yesssssssssssssssssssssssss, even tho i was shaking while giving the pizza man money i fcking did it. holy shit i cant believe im writing this
jnwcov	can we just have a round of applause for restaurants that post their menus online it's sooooo much easier going to a restaurant/café/fast food joint/whatever (for the first time) when you can check out the contents and prices of their menus beforehand, and this especially comes in handy to my socially anxious peeps. sometimes i see a restaurant that looks promising, but i chicken out because i like to have my order locked and loaded before even setting foot at the place. also, this doubles as a plea to all restaurants- if you didn't alreday do it, i'm begging you please post your menus online, whether on your website, your ig story highlights, or in an album on facebook.
a3ykvu	i’m anorexic and have several anxiety disorders and i went grocery shopping by myself for the first time in 6 months! ☺️ i’m 23 and female and this was just really reaffirming “it’s just really nice to win one.” - kevin malone 😂 edit** guys i didn’t expect to get so much love and kindness from you all!! this has quite literally made my day and in the running for my month lol. these struggles are so rough and facing it everyday is really something. but; struggling does not negate your strength. we are infinite wells of resilience because we have to be, we all deserve love and kindness and warmth every single day. ❤️❤️ for reference these are my diagnoses: generalized anxiety disorder social anxiety disorder panic disorder body dysmorphia anorexia nervosa ptsd from childhood emotional/physical abuse ptsd from being raped when i was 17 ptsd from the illness and death of my mom at the age of 12 i’ve been unemployed for 6 months and my last job was in a rampant environment of sexual harassment it was disgusting. i believe in you all. be gentle on yourself first and always. don’t let the world and your illness rule your life. filter what you take in and surround yourself with. thank you all. 😊❤️
hbow9a	does anxiety ever make you lose your appetite, but you’re starving at the same time? i haven’t really eaten in 2 days, and the only thing i’m really able to stomach is smoothies. i’m absolutely starving but it’s so hard to get anything down!! not sure if this is anxiety related or not.
qs7g8a	ordered a coffee by myself for the first time in my life! the title says it all, i've never been into a starbucks before and i'm 27 years old. the flashy drinks, bright lights and people all felt too overwhelming. however, today i decided to go out into the park and i really craved a cup of hot coffee and only place around was a massive starbucks. i had no idea how to order or what to order so i asked the nice girl at the counter for a recommendation and size, waited for my cup and even drank it inside surrounded by people without a single panic attack! i feel really proud of myself and i have no one to share it to. :)
k2e868	i did it! i went in to my local coffee shop and ordered a mocha latte first time without being nervous. i feel really happy about it. edit: wow thank you for the awards. i appreciate it and nice comments
1jf2xnf	my family just realized my weight loss they kept saying how skinny i got and how i look so good they finally recognized how much i've lost, but now i feel guilty even eating a little bc it's never enough. i have been fasting more and more and it's hard to even eat now without feeling guilty. i just need to be thinner and make sure to stay thin.
1jeuj1j	weight loss i feel like my weight loss journey is doomed because of my mental illness (depression, bipolar, a.d.d.) i can't go more than 2.or 3 days with staying on track before depression takes over or i lose focus completely. this is a nightmare!!!
1jdtg7t	i binged yesterday and now i don’t know how to get over it yesterday i had 1267 calories and i am on an diet/deficit of 500-600 cals and so eating that much i feel so sick with myself. i feel so guilty, i'm such a pig. i'm still losing weight but i don't want to gain any or not lose weight and i'm so scared that i'll end up getting extremely fat again. ive finally went from 190 and gotten down to 148 lbs and i want to get to at least 130 by may. i just feel so guilty every time i eat and i just overthink and get so mad at myself. why is dieting so stressful.
1jdcgct	is it possible to be so much into eating disorder that your body rejects any food ? so i have been anorexic for a long time and i recently started medication that made me gain weight, a lot, and since i noticed it i started being sick constantly. i lost half the fat that i gained in three weeks.
1j995eq	what eating disorder is this if one at all and if it is how severe is it on a scale of 1-10 f16 diagnosed with depression, eating 800-1200 calories a day. 5'2, 118lbs starting to lose weight.purges couple times a week, uses laxatives couple times a month. scrolls hours on eating disorder websites/pages. doesn't binge eat or exercise at all, getting only about 5-10k steps a day.
